Use Schedules instead of Crons (#2353)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/concepts/what-is-a-temporal-cron-job.md

  - explanation
---

:::note

We recommend using [Schedules](/concepts/what-is-a-schedule) instead of Cron Jobs.

> Schedules offer enhanced flexibility for configuration and enable you to pause or stop Scheduled Workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schedules were built to provide a better developer experience, including more configuration options and the ability to update or pause running Schedules.
```
